#SOKOBAN

Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/TbeGv41VPEk

My final project for CS50x 2023 is a game known as Sokoban. It is a well-known Japanese puzzle game that greatly appealed to me, which is why I decided to make it my final project. While it may not change the world, I believe that entertainment like this can positively impact the community. As this is a puzzle game, I hope that some people out there will enjoy the challenging puzzles I have implemented into the game. 

Now, as for how the game works, it is quite simple. The only purpose in Sokoban is to put all the boxes on the X tile. The rules are that you cannot push 2 boxes at once, and you cannot push a box through a wall (obviously). All of the code that makes the game work is in the file "Sokoban.java" in this project directory. The .wav files are for music and sound effects, while the "File" is simply an empty text file for data saving and loading purposes. The bin file contains all the images. I added a backrooms theme to the Sokoban game because it blends in well with the overall design and color choice of the game. The game includes 12 levels integrated in an order of increasing difficulty. Building every level from scratch is no easy task, especially because I wanted every level to be unique and more difficult than the previous one. Furthermore, the game allows you to do everything you would expect from a 2D game, such as data saving and adjusting sound volume. 

The code is nearly 1500 lines long, and I have been working on it for a fairly long time. The game was built in the eclipse IDE, which is great for Java. I had very little experience with Java prior to starting this project. As I built the game slowly, feature by feature, I gained abdundant knowledge about Java. By now, I'm confident enough to consider myself as a "professional" in Java. Thanks to CS50, I am much better at self-studying than ever before. It is one of my biggest projects, and at times, I almost felt like completely changing my project when the code didn't work as intended. Those hours of debugging and tweaking the code, while sometimes frustrating, improved my critical thinking and problem solving skills. Not only did CS50 help me learn new programming languages, but it also helped me build a very important skill, which is dedication. Regardless of how tough it may be, a person must stay dedicated to whatever they're working on. In conclusion, this is my Sokoban game based on the backrooms theme, an amazing blend of challenge and entertainment, which is my final project for CS50x 2023. 

Enjoy the game!
